docs: improve SEO metadata on EVM and account pages (#652)
hashgraph/hedera-docs: native/tutorials/getting-started/auto-create-accounts.mdx

---
title: "Auto-Create Hedera Accounts with HBAR and Token Transfers"
sidebarTitle: "Auto-Create Accounts"

> description: "Walkthrough of HIP-32 and HIP-542 auto-account creation on Hedera: send HBAR or HTS tokens to an EVM address alias to create the account on first transfer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Walkthrough of HIP-32 and HIP-542 auto-account creation on Hedera: send HBAR or HTS tokens to an EVM Address from Public Key to create the account on first transfer."
```
